Hey I just wanna say thanks again for letting me crash your Christmas party
Hey now, no one should spend their Christmas Eve alone.
Ooh, milk and cookies, may I?
Uh...no, you can't - they're for Santa.
[Laughing] Okay.
Geez, are you serious? What the heck?
You didn't tell him yet? Anna'll be here any minute.
Tell me what?
Uh...
Well, we have this friend, that uh-
Our friend Anna still believes in Santa Claus.
So don't screw things up.
Like, she believes in the SPIRIT of Santa, or...
No, uh, she believes in just Santa. The guy. Still.
What? How is that even possible?
I don't know.
This is morally wrong; I hope you guys know.
Somebody needs to tell her tonight.
No! Can you just imagine what that'd do to her? I mean, YEARS of holidays ruined.
Think about how deep-rooted this figure is in your life now. I mean-
[Proceeds to do a mindblown noise effect]
This is not an ordinary secret.
It doesn't matter, just-
[Doorbell rings]
Oh shoot. That's her.
Don't. Say. A word.
Wes: It's your favorite time of year!
Anna: Hello everyone!
Anna, this is Philip; he's spending Christmas with us because his family's out of town.
Aww...That is so sad
Don't worry though. I'm sure that the big guy up there
has some very special plans for you.
[Awkwardly] Well gosh, I hope so!
*gasp* Ohh, the milk and cookies for him!
Oh, you know every year. I wait, and I wait by the fireplace, but I just can't seem to stay awake!
Have you ever thought about, like, a video camera or something??
You know, I tried that one year,
but the whole tape was erased.
My parents said his sleigh probably causes some kind of
electrical disturbance in the air, but
I think it's magic.
*Whispering* Oh my god!
Uh, why don't we start, uh, Secret Santa? Yeah, everyone? Let's go.
Everyone ready?
Who's your Secret Santa?
Uh-uh! I can't tell you,
because that would be cheating,
and I have to stay on Santa's nice list.
Come on, I'm just wondering who, just-
That is so naughty.
I'm not gonna do that.
Dude, stop freaking out, just let me see-
He would know about it.
Philip: He doesn't know. He doesn't care.
Anna: He would know about it!
Philip: Just...you can show me!
Anna: He listens all the time!
THIS IS CALLED SECRET SANTA!
I am not gonna cheat in a game named after him!
What's going on?
Phil is trying to cheat.
Look, Phil. If you want coal in your stockings for Christmas,
be my guest.
But don't drag me off the nice list.
Anna, there's no-
-no reason to get upset.
Santa's no-
-not going to blame you
for Phil's bad behavior!
Because he checks that list twice, you know.
There's no Santa!
*everyone gasps*
There's no coal, there's no list,
There's no milk and cookies;
Santa's not real.
What did you say?
Anna...
There's not really a...
I'm just...I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said anything.
If you guys don't mind, um...
I'll just spend, like, a moment by myself.
[Door clicks shut]
[Low whisper] I'm sorry, I...okay, okay.
Hey Anna, uhm...
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for ruining something, so special to you.
I feel awful.
But if you think about it, I mean, Santa is real. Right?
I mean, in our hearts, where it's the most important.
Right?
*laugh*
Oh my God, are you serious?
Wowwwwww okay.
What...the...
Hey, do you want some?
They keep these Christmas parties "dry"
so I don't accidentally do something "naughty".
Wait, so you don't actually believe that Santa Claus is real?
Dude, I'm twenty-five years old.
How the hell could I still think that Santa's real?
No, I just put on the act to mess with people.
You would not believe the hoops my friends jump through.
Ugh, I'm just getting such good stuff for Christmas every year.
Last year, they got me an iPhone and a trip to Hawaii
What?
That...is genius.
I know.
And you just ruined it for me!
Thanks a lot.
Sorry.
Ehh, it's okay.
I had a good run.
Come on, let's go back inside.
I think I can use this:
the sympathy from a traumatizing experience.
Oooh.
Hey, did you put an Xbox on your Christmas wishlist too?
Yeah, I did that.
[Bells ring from Santa's attire]
*sobbing*
I'll remember you.
YOU'RE not real.
I don't believe in YOU.
You little troll.
*kicks*
*breaks*
I'm getting out of this place.
Rudolph!
I'm gonna go see [incomprehensible]